You're out in the middle of nowhere.
You're told the truth is out there —
you just have to search for it.
There's a bewildering number of signposts
around you, each claiming to be the right way.
You pick a direction — or more likely
have it picked for you — and start walking.
You walk for miles, but there are no gods.
Occasionally, you meet people along the
way who say you chose the right direction —
although they can never say how far you
have to go.
After many miles, the truth finally dawns on you.
There are people in every single direction,
who'll tell you exactly the same thing:
their path is the right one,
and you just have to keep walking.
It now becomes clear the task is impossible.
You have a limited number
of years in your life.
You could spend them all
walking in the same futile direction.
trying multiple futile directions,
and obviously the length of time you
spend on each journey
is divided by the number of directions you try.
It's impossible to investigate
every idea in any depth,
so requiring any depth of investigation
sets an impossible condition.
What's being proposed is a game of pure chance.
You could say my atheism is
a refusal to play an impossible game.